Release of the New WRCM Website
By Kate Uffer
1 December, 2022
When I first became (shadow) webmaster of WRCM in Fall of 2020, I don't think I could have imagined how far I would have brought this website today. I have been able to learn so much about so many different areas of Web Design and Development over the past 2 years. From Web Programming with Dr. Tina Tian, to my Senior Portfolio class with Mr. Jacob Roesch and Software Engineering class with Dr. Abu Mallouh, it is with all of these people that I was able to push the website to where it is today. 
My goal with the web site redesign was to bring revive the site back to how I imagined it being back in 2019. Fun, colorful, and interactive. I also decided to reorganize where certain elements of the site are located. The full master schedule for the semester was moved from the Homepage to its own page, and in its place there is a dynamically generated list of shows to air for the day. Every hour, the list will automatically update to show which show is live, and which shows are up next for the day. On the new Schedule page, users can type to search for shows by their name, or their hosts. This is a change to what we've had in previous years, where you would have to click a letter to filter the shows alphabetically. The Schedule page is also sorted by days of the week, so you instantly know what day of the week a show is.
The News and Reviews page that you are reading right now has also received a makeover, but a different implementation could be specified for in the future. Right now, there are only two articles, but in the future when we receive more articles, we will need to give each article its own page, and have this page act as a list of articles. This way, the News and Reviews page is not infinitely long. A welcome addition however, is the ability for students to submit articles through the website, rather than having to email the WRCM executive board. When the full WRCM website is public, The article submission page will be available to students only through their Manhattan College login. I also hope to do further research for the About Us page, so an accurate history of the club can be represented.